He has HLV
Ahhhh
What did you say
roll
Oops Lisa
Don't listen to him saying I'm not sick.
I'm kidding.
Mr. Li, you are scared.
But you like second-hand goods so much
It's only a matter of time before you get sick.
You better be careful
You don't have to worry about it.
Mind your own business.
Oh yeah
Li Peng, I heard that you brought a new platform here, right?
Want to promote it at the charity dinner
rest assured
I'll let you winterize with your new platform
Then let's wait and see
Let's go
Feng Ge
He knows all our plans.
This will definitely cause trouble.
Rest assured, if the enemy comes, we will stop him; if the water comes, we will block it with earth.
I have my own way
I'm going to give them a slap in the face at this charity dinner
Hahaha
Charity dinner officially begins
Please come in, guests.
Good, our chance has come.
Hello everyone, this charity gala
Gathered in the live broadcast industry
All the top media companies and anchors
A gathering of heroes
At the same time, we are here for all the anchors
Set up a gift with a contribution value of one yuan
A contribution value
The one with the highest contribution
Will get tonight's charity man
or the title of the goddess of charity
Admired by everyone